# data-mining-house-energy-consumption

On October 7, 2016, the highest overall house energy consumption was at 6:00; the lowest overall house energy consumption was at 13:00. The higher house energy consumption was from 6:00 to 12:00. During this period time, living room and barn had higher energy consumption and was quite lively. Solar generated the stronger power between 11:00 and 13:00. The balance between overall house energy consumption and solar power generation was 9:00 and 13:30 So, for each day, focusing on decrease energy consumption in the morning.

For overall 2016, the highest energy consumption was in August and September; the lowest energy consumption was in July and December. The furnace 2 and 1 had the higher energy consumption before May 2016. Solar generated the strongest power in July; solar generated the weakest power in December and January. Overall house energy consumption was greater than solar power generation in 2016. So, for each month, focusing on decrease energy consumption in summer and winter. Because overall house energy consumption was much greater than solar power generation, we still need to save energy not depend on solar power.

For rooms, home office had the highest consumption, which was 40.96128 kW; kitchen 38 had lowest energy consumption, which was 0 kW. For devices, Furnace 2 had the highest energy consumption, which was 68.9244 kW; Microwave had the lowest energy consumption, which was 5.53444 kW. So, furnance had the highest energy consumption. Microwave had the lowest energy consumption. For decreasing energy consumption, we can reduce use of furnances.
